ZAM framework (#844)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/running-jobs-aurora.md

	For a script to help provide cpu-bindings, you can use [get_cpu_bind_aurora](https://github.com/argonne-lcf/pbs_utils/blob/main/get_cpu_bind_aurora). Please see [User Guide for Aurora CPU Binding Script](https://github.com/argonne-lcf/pbs_utils/blob/main/doc/guide-get_cpu_bind_aurora.md) for documentation. 

### <a name="Binding-MPI-ranks-to-GPUs"></a>Binding MPI ranks to GPUs
Support in MPICH on Aurora to bind MPI ranks to GPUs is currently work-in-progress. 
For applications that need this support, this instead can be handled by use of a small helper script that will appropriately set `ZE_AFFINITY_MASK` for each MPI rank.
Users are encouraged to use the `gpu_tile_compact.sh` script for instances where each MPI rank is to be bound to a single GPU tile with a round-robin assignment. `gpu_tile_compact.sh` should be in your path by default. 

Note that `gpu_tile_compact.sh` requires `ZE_FLAT_DEVICE_HIERARCHY`=`COMPOSITE` (the default in the environment).
The `frameworks` module set `ZE_FLAT_DEVICE_HIERARCHY=FLAT`, so if you wish to bind MPI ranks to devices instead of tiles, `gpu_dev_compact.sh` (also in your path by default) can be used.

> More information on `ZE_FLAT_DEVICE_HIERARCHY` can be found here: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/flattening-gpu-tile-hierarchy.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information on `ZE_FLAT_DEVICE_HIERARCHY` can be found in [Intel's online documentation](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/flattening-gpu-tile-hierarchy.html). 
```
